Oh look JC on the bike was timed out by Risa. Oh time out JC on the bike JC on the bike
It's JC on the bike it's JC on the bike yeah well I'm wise enough to know
when a chomp needs banning and I know just the one look at round it's JC on the
bike who says Veda didn't study music in college
Early COVID survivors still need your help if you want to help call right now
1-800-COVID survivors help Batman thank you very much don't forget COVID
survivors need your help early COVID survivors need your help look at it at
usatonic live check it out schedule for 60 minutes next it's going on French
British Italian Japanese television people everywhere are starting to listen
to him it's embarrassing
seriously I think it's very important to consider the list of early COVID
survivors that has been assembled by Housatonic Live Mark Kulacz if you haven't
found that list please go to housatonicits.com and find that list and start to
read it and share it thanks very much
the faith in a novel virus is where we still are ladies and gentlemen but the
faith is a lie and that's our work these three things are definitely true and we
work every day to try and add to the support biological support that we have
for those ideas there was no spread in New York City
transfection and healthy mammals is dumb protocols were definitely murder and
the scooty-doo is real
Kristi you should send me an email you've been in the in the chat for way too long
not to have a gig of them had I think I can probably arrange it I think I can
probably arrange it for you Kristi send me an email and make sure you know
who I'm talking about and I can probably arrange it for you I don't know about
patches if you can give me a link of where I could make those patches maybe I
would start doing that I now have this relatively this relatively I don't know
weak way of doing it with a with an embroidery company that just has my
little design and so it's it's pretty low-key and I've only been really doing
it to to have different colored hats for myself so that the stream isn't so
boring I made a couple shirts actually before the pandemic ever started
because I thought it would be kind of funny to have a patch clampers line of
clothing and so I had one jacket and a couple shirts or something that I was
wearing under other shirts I never thought I would be using it for a logo
for a news program so long after the the yeah the whole thing started I can't
believe we're here it's the 15th of December we are in the middle of the
advent calendar right now which is just extraordinary the advent calendar of
2023 as if we hadn't had an already enough time to wake up from this the
captain keeps walking walking into the door over and over and over again we
never seem to get anywhere it's just the same plot every 10 minutes the captain
comes back in and looks around and and goes back out the door we never seem to
make any progress and the same people keep getting on podcasts and it's the
same discussion over and over again and nobody ever approaches the real
questions that need to be asked and it's frustrating for me to be here right now
I'm gonna be really honest with you it's frustrating for me to be here because I
feel like I was so taken by the Scooby-Doo and the the brilliant execution of it
that I couldn't find a way to connect with the or overcome the no virus like
gag and I don't think that everybody that was on the no virus side in terms of
cognitively thinking that there was no SARS-CoV-2 was on the side of there's
no molecular biology but the way that it was done and the people and in the way
that they did it the number one thing you really need to keep in your in the
back of your mind is that the people who started the the tussle between the
extreme bioweapon side and the no virus side and the extreme bioweapon side and
the it's 5g side those were all very coordinated groups of people that already
knew each other's names in a way that they shouldn't have really known and
that tells you really all you need to know about why the no virus narrative
never really progressed anywhere until very recently and it's only ever made
really forward progress when our own side makes forward progress and as we
come closer to them they attacked us more and as we came closer to them they
attacked us even more even though if we would have talked about protocols we
both would have agreed if we would have talked about PCR tests we probably both
would have agreed if we talked about sequencing maybe we could have even
getting some people to agree that metagenomic sequencing is absolute
baloney all of these arguments were part of the no-virus narrative but the way
that they shepherded that that narrative was to use it as a weapon instead of as
a way of pulling people away from the TV narrative and so there was no middle
ground with them there was no well we'll let you talk to us now and if we don't
understand this time maybe we'll talk again no no they canceled meetings and
you know set the exact parameters of the debate all the time and there is
probably a very good reason for it and those those borders if you want my honest
prediction those borders are going to dissolve very quickly as Jessica
Hockett and myself and Jonathan Engler and these other people as we come to
basically the same conclusion albeit three years late the the right answer
would be for them to go okay cool you finally figured it out well done but
instead they're going to turn around and attack even though I'm currently employed
at CHD and advocating for the investigation of the possibility that
there may have been no real spreading pathogen and pushing Denis Rancourt's
evidence from the all-cause mortality that there was probably no spreading
pathogen and seeing that as an opening I'm predicting that they're going to go
ahead and attack CHD attack the book attack me and attack us as though we're
not making progress toward this goal and I think it's really important to see
that this prediction when it comes true is is just part and parcel for how this
was supposed to go we weren't even supposed to be here yet they need to
run the clock out until the next election or even farther and we were not
supposed to be this far and so a lot of crazy things are going to happen in the
next weeks and months as they try desperately to recover in this fast
break but the full court presses on and the steady pressure coming from myself
and Mark and Jessica and others is going to continue because we finally got our
feet on solid ground in a way that we somehow or another were prevented from
getting our feet on this solid ground earlier and I could possibly be also
partly my fault it's all of our faults it's the social media's fault for not
having connected me to Jessica Hockett earlier it's it's it's social media's
fault for allowing some of these other people to perpetuate these narratives
for so long that we're distractions whole distractions from figuring out the
truth and so the truth is is that we've been led to believe that there are all
kinds of sources for pandemic potential and that these constitute of gain of
function worst case scenario that must be respected one way or another you've
got to admit that this exists one way or another you got to understand that
eventually a bachelor student is going to have the capabilities of enriching a
pathogen in their garage and that's what all these books basically tell the
story of right the vast majority of the the texts that are in front of us
right now these are all basically the same story about a virus made in China
with or without American money that leaked in Wuhan and spread around the
world for four years and people tried to cover up the source because they didn't
want to get blamed the story of Peter and ginger Bragan written in 2020 early
early in the pandemic pretty much the same as the story written soon after by
Andrew Huff and then soon after by Sherry Markinson and then soon after Robert
Malone's book and then after that her and Paul's book came out and now Robert
F. Kennedy Junior's books come out now the difference between a lot of these
books and Bobby's book is that Bobby's has some some historical value in the
sense of trying to catalog the previous history of of the bio weapons narrative
and what people say we've done what other countries say they've done what books
say other countries have done what people say other countries have done and up
until now and how that led here the book is basically a historical document about
the stories that people have told during this time including stories that I've
told and I think it's a better historical document of what occurred
than any of the other books on the screen but it still tells the same story
because of course the prevailing narrative on the planet no matter where
you went was the narrative that's in in tuned in all of these books and it is
this narrative that they intend to coerce our children to surrender their
sovereignty and invert those human rights to human permissions that that's for
sure I would argue that allowing me to even get any text in biology into a book
is already a win if you if you believe how we believe you is suspect how we
suspect now if your hypothesis matches up with ours that these people who said
that there was no SARS and that they haven't isolated it are correct but we
have a good biological explanation for what they did we have a good molecular
biological explanation for how people were fooled we have a good idea of how
the crime might have been pulled off so that we can we can propose solutions and
and directions in an investigation to figure this out that's that's what we're
bringing that the no virus they didn't isolate they didn't that that doesn't
get us anywhere and it never did and that's why if they take a pivot now
they're gonna take a pivot now because it's been time for them to pivot at the
same time they're gonna try and turn it around and say things like John Goodman
said about me this week which is that I guess I'm a social engineer now from
the garage in Pittsburgh I'm social engineering the world with my 3,000
followers on Twitch the worst platform ever with nobody barely anybody copying
my videos and putting them anywhere I don't have time for that Mark Kulacz is
the only guy who's ever catalogued any of mine there is one rumble channel that's
done I'm not trying to forget anybody out there but I'm just saying relative to
other people and how they're working and how they're getting retweeted and how
the algorithms help them I mean how can Mark Kulacz have like 6,000 followers
after six years of doing what he does on YouTube it's just absurd and so this
narrative is not going to be challenged except for from people who are wholly
independent only people who are wholly independent can challenge this narrative
and speak in the way that we are speaking challenging this narrative is not
spending an hour waving foyas around and saying that they haven't isolated or
purified the virus it doesn't get anywhere with regard to breaking people's the
hold on people it doesn't it's not adequate and maybe some of them didn't
understand that maybe some of them were convinced that this strategy of just
sticking to those terms and that semantic warfare and that little tiny narrow
sliver of debate was the smart thing to do but I have the feeling that showing
that you agreed on a million other things and then hey wait a minute guys
all we agree on all of this stuff why don't you just try to listen to us on
this one thing about isolation and purification and then wow think about it
nothing and that's where I think you can really see it very clearly and now I'm
getting you know a lot of attention from them again CHD is getting a lot of
attention from them again and it's unfortunate because now would be the
time for a hey wow so I see what you mean now in that email where you said that
you think we might all be right I shouldn't have reacted so aggressively
and tried to get you fired at CHD instead I should have said what do you mean by
you think we're all right all we can all be right about this what does that mean
but no that's not where they went and so this game is not going to stop this
game is about you being lost on a road and while you were lost on that road
somebody came and picked you up and in that car were people that you thought
they said that they were also hitchhikers and they also got picked up but
actually that's not true at all the three people that picked you up in that car
are all working together to fool you about where they're taking you and how
much it's going to cost and what you're going to find when you get there even
fooling you about what you see outside of the car as they drive you where they're
going and I believe that that's what a lot of these people did on social media
that laid down this narrative of there was a novel virus that millions of
people were killed from that millions of people were killed by millions more
were saved from they likely resulted from gain of function and so a virus
will come again these people that said a billion people were gonna die at the
beginning of the pandemic that this was a red dragon event and have never
encroached on the consensus about this idea of what worst-case scenario since
never encroached on it and I really think we've started to nail down what's
going on here and we've just got to now start to think about who are the teams
who are the competing interests back there that are all united in this
illusion of consensus about a worst-case scenario and about what might come
again but are themselves competing with one another these groups for power or
for access to it and so we've been in this car with them for like three years
now and that's why we aren't going anywhere that's why we haven't gotten
anywhere yet because we've been picked up from this lonely lonely road at the
start of the pandemic and we've been completely bamboozled we got in the car
and people started telling us stories about lab leaks and people started
arguing about it in front of us then we decided this car wasn't very safe so we
got out of this car at the gas station and hitchhiked in another car and three
more people started to argue about lab leak and whether or not we needed ivermectin
or hydroxychloroquine and so by the time you are in your third car now hitchhiking
to nowhere you've been bamboozled by multiple groups of people all playing
the same illusion of consensus game with you and we just keep driving and we keep
driving and the faith in a novel virus never gets questioned we haven't talked
about the the illusion of asymptomatic spread in over a year we haven't talked
about the ridiculous use of PCR at the beginning of the pandemic in over four
years
and these spread of these bad ideas is much more dangerous than the spread of an RNA
molecule i can tell you that for sure
and so these people have misled us and what we perceive to be true is definitely
definitely definitely not true and that's why they behave the way they do they know
that's not true that's why they can be confident in their proclamations so let's just rewind
a little bit make sure we were know where we were about four weeks ago or three weeks ago
Robert Malone updated us with the latest biology i'm just going to play it again to make sure
that you understand where they want us to be
alone i'm a physician and scientist and i need to acknowledge that my middle name was
and entered as a shirt me that i will not be drawing forward to what i've got to say
um i don't think that's a big question
that's above my head first off i wish to speak extembraniously to you rather
the slides there is an unmet need for a rapid response capability to allow a little
capacity to mitigate the risks of emerging infectious disease and engineering pathogens
that is a valid concern the technology has developed to the state where almost many
with a undergraduate degree in biology can weaponize pathogens we know here the United
States is somebody with security clearance in the biotense industrial complex for the
VOD that the binary weapons that were developed by US military or deployment potentially is
countermeasure against the Russian tank threat can be readily reproduced by virtually any
biologists in the garage for it okay so there is a valid threat there is an unmet need
okay so there is i'm going to turn that down sorry about that i wanted to make sure you could
hear Robert there is a a um a real threat a real need for this prepper being prepared to react to
a emerging disease pathogen or an engineered pathogen and that is again the consensus
of a worst case scenario this is the same worst case scenario that kim.com has talked about
that jeffree sachs has talked about and and and that peter desak talks about the same worst case
scenario that can happen in perpetuity forever your children must not be raised with this mythology
in the back of their mind they must not be allowed to be to grow up with this idea in their mind we
must erase this now and it's going to take a lot of work because this is the new world order that
they would like to impose on our children this idea that public health and governance by public
health mythology is the way forward this is just the way it's going to be there are there are emerging
pathogens there are engineered pathogens and it's basically engineering pathogens are accessible
is accessible to any biologist in their garage i'm sorry that the audio of that is not so great
but that's really extraordinary test no that didn't work how was that did i not set this up right
oh i'm not going to mess with that now sorry about that um i thought that was on right no
it's not on right wow um it is going to keep going here so yeah the past will fade into mist
the past was erased the erasure was forgotten and the lie became truth i think that's 1984
we're at the stage now where the the lie about the the the mystery virus the lie about the novel
virus that killed millions and millions more were saved from is about to become the truth
because the the past is slowly being erased actually the past was already kind of erased
because of the way that it occurred we are very used to laying down episodic memories
and our hippocampus is designed to lay down episodic memories based on the context in which
they occurred and pre pandemic a lot of us had a very routine set of contexts that we formed
memories in throughout the day perhaps the morning context at home and then the commute
context in your bus on your bus and then the work context and then the lunchtime context at the
restaurant then the work context then the bus ride home context then the after dinner context
and so as that pattern laid down over and over again our memories became organized around
this repeating pattern of context and actually a lot of recall is dependent on your ability to
recall context or if you are in the same context as the memory was created and so when they took
this pandemic and they said okay everybody stay at home now and stare at your screens and don't go
to work anymore they interrupted this pattern of repeating context
and it made it harder for us to form episodic memories of what's going on that's why 2020
and 2021 really seemed like a long short time ago 2020 in your own mind might only be
three months or two months it might only feel very short because you almost can't remember
any of it and that's because you were at home and there was no context except for one
so all the memories that would have been stored in different sort of contexts in your mind
were now all layered over one context and so it actually makes your brain very
it limits the capacity of your brain to to store those as independent memories and it's
it's for sure that it makes it more difficult for your brain to store those memories independently
in a temporal order that matters and so it is not for nothing that they locked down
it wasn't just to brainwash you it was also to brainwash you to make sure that your memory of
the event a couple years later would be foggy enough for you to not process it as clearly as you should
and if we could accurately remember remember all the things that we went through during that
year as we were home schooling our children on iPads and unable to go out for a hamburger
or go to the gym or go to the park or go to our community center to play bingo
I mean we are talking about some severe malevolence that a lot of us have simply forgotten they put
sand in beach side skate parks
and because they made us stay home and stare at our screens we had limited context change we had
limited pattern of context change which made it very hard for us to form to form episodic memory
to the extent to which a lot of that year or year and a half is a blur when the lies that they
told were the strongest when these mythologies and the way that they were laid down was the strongest
and so if the past is erased the erasure is forgotten then the lie becomes the truth we
cannot allow this to happen we need to fight very hard to try and find the borders of this
limited spectrum of debate within which we've had this very lively discussion about lab leak
or a novel virus from a wet market and we've got to get our act together very quickly because
these people have been working for three years to catch everybody and make sure that they don't
get all the way to the finish line in time and that's really what it seems to only be about now
is running out the clock to some next event or some next pivot and so this is the conference
that occurred in Romania on the 17th and 18th of November where all of these people that have been
fighting for us for so long finally got to see Denis Rancourt in person and Denis Rancourt presented
his latest data that shows that there was no geographic evidence of spread and that the only
all-cause mortality that matters started in 2021 there were local bomb-like events
local mass casualty events in 2020 but nothing that resembles the spreading pathogen new cause
of death on earth in this photo it's very important to notice that Steven Hatfill is in this photograph
in March of 2020 he made countless videos for local blogs and conservative media outlets
etc where he said the children carry the most virus children shed the most virus children
should wear masks her Barney should wear masks to normalize masks for other children
and he said that social distancing was necessary
and so he was definitely definitely seating the worst-case scenario in the beginning of the pandemic
and he was on many programs doing so with certainty it's not the worst one but it's a pretty bad one
the worst one will be really bad but this is the last warning he said
so here also in this one is Byram Bridle I should have him in green really because I do not think
that he is a compromised guy I just think he's kind of stuck where he is because he got his career run
over and his livelihood taken away and threatened and and so that that that'll keep your mouth shut
pretty quick there's Nick Hudson Ryan Cole there's Brett Weinstein somebody who I'm absolutely
certain is is or was playing for a team that laid down the worst-case scenario at the beginning
of the pandemic and if if he's found any remorse in this or has any remorse for this I have not seen
it evident in his podcast so I think he's just going forward and of course Brett Weinstein is
the guy who brought Steve Kirsch and Robert Malone onto the scene in June of 2021 here is
the wife of Robert Malone Jill Glasspool Malone this is Meryl Nass of course she and these three
and Cole and I guess Harvey Risch a lot too Jessica Rose and Brett hasn't been doing it so much
but these five have been touring around the world I think Meryl and and Jessica and Robert
and Jill and Cole were all in front of the Parliament a couple times in the EU or at least had a room
in the Parliament building of the EU and gave some talks they've also been to COVID summits around
the world for these last three years the same basic core group of people with if you included
Pierre Kory maybe Peter McCullough but not so much as Pierre Kory Pierre Kory is another one
that's been in a lot of places as these people so there's a core group of individuals that has been
at the forefront of this worst-case scenario narrative for quite some time and when I say
worst-case scenario the worst-case scenario is it is a lab leak and it could be worse next time and
those people that don't question that have been the ones that have risen to the top and have been
more or less circulating the globe as as leaders of this dissident movement that's against big
pharma and against the DoD of America that's responsible for this I guess and so that's what I think
this whole show has been about on social media and in mainstream media but on social media is the one
that we're all paying attention to and that's where all these characters like David Martin
come in is that they all have a little part of the train to pull on and what I mean by that is is
that every one of these people is pretending to participate in an action which is having
some effect on the natural world it's saving lives you know I'm fighting for the freedom of
America or I'm fighting for the truth or whatever and what they're really doing is pretending to do
so and the reason why they have to pretend to do so is because they have wittingly or unwittingly
coerced or or or or gladly have decided to participate in this illusion and these people there are
many of them so it's not just one guy standing at the train being silly and chalking his hands up
it's many many many people who are participating in this illusion this mime exercise and they've
been participating in this mime exercise for about three and a half years almost four years now
some of them were co-opted as they came out some of them were set in motion from the very beginning
and people like Steven Hatfill were likely ready to go when they decided that okay now it's time
we're going to start talking about this stuff and and this is the way we're going to talk about it
Steve Go, Tony Go, Rand Paul Go you know they all whoever had had things to say they're very very
very for national security reasons they're very very controlled things that they had to say
and so that's what this was all about fighting about whether this was a novel virus that everyone
was vulnerable to is not really a fight that even happened it kind of happened but only in the
background PCR testing the questioning of that only way in the background
and if you're arguing about early novel treatments you're not arguing about PCR
if you're arguing about early novel treatments you're not questioning the spreading virus at all
if you're arguing about early treatments you're actually not arguing about whether people are
being killed in the hospital by the protocols they are using you're saying that they're getting
the wrong thing because they're treating them wrong but we took a long time before we heard
dissidents on our side saying that the protocols were killing people one person said that the
protocols were killing people his name was Brian Ardis and he was saying that the Remdesivir was
killing people and then he said that there was there was venom in the shots on Stu Peter's
his show and everybody made fun of him to the point where he sank and with him sank his objection
to Remdesivir his very succinct presentation about how Remdesivir was in a trial for a Ebola
and it killed 53% of the people that used it that wonderful information
was lost because the guy came out on Stu Peter's and said that there was venom in the shots and
they used that to discredit him as a guy and then the people walking on this train nobody picked up
the story nobody on the COVID doctor said hey that Brian Ardis got a short end of his stick
and he had a really good point about Remdesivir even if he's wrong about the venom let's not
forget that he wrote he put his life his career on the line for Remdesivir did anybody say that
no no no when he got discredited for saying things about venom everybody just kind of backed away
and said oh I told him not to say anything about that I told him not to go there and nobody seemed
to remember that his original reason for being on the scene in the first place that anybody listened
to him was because he noticed that Remdesivir was wholly inappropriate for healthy humans
so do you see how the game is played do you see how this is done
and in retrospect without much work you don't need a guy like me to see this you just got to think
carefully about what really happened take some notes
and look who was on teamwork worst case scenario from the very beginning or more importantly look
who didn't question it look who had another job that was so important that they couldn't talk
about the fact that the worst case scenario wasn't very likely anybody that had a job
or a subject that they were talking about you know like I'm going to focus on veers
and I'm not going to say anything about anything else for a really long time just veers
even though there's lots of things to talk about even though brian artists had came out very early
about remdesivir being crazy nobody else picked it up nobody else picked up that ball when he
dropped it and nobody saw that as curious but me maybe somebody else I don't know
so that's what's going on here I think and that's what hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin were they were
relatively safe substances expected to have more positive effects than negative for sure
and with ivermectin in particular we're just simply not sure what kind of an effect general
good effect that may or may not have on the extremely unhealthy population of america
but I can tell you for sure that if there's one of these two that I think was probably valuable
for respiratory disease and for inflammation and for any kind of out-of-control cytokine
storm I'm guessing it's hydroxychloroquine because that's the one that nobody really ever
talked about during the pandemic it's the one that everybody kind of went silent about
Robert Malone did mention it on Joe Rogan's podcast
we did have some fighting for it by by Peter McCullough but very quickly that that died away
probably because he was coerced to stop that Zev Zelenko pushed hydroxychloroquine very early
on I think we heard that something like 200 congressmen were congresspersons were treated
with hydroxychloroquine in the first six months of the pandemic or first five months or three
months I don't know what it was but a lot of them were treated with hydroxychloroquine
as either a prophylactic or when they thought they had symptoms
and so that's why I want to talk about this one because ivermectin was pushed by Brett Weinstein
and pushed hard by Brett Weinstein and actually pushed hard by another person
in Brett Weinstein's circle Alexandros Maranos for almost a whole year and when I suggested
that maybe it was time to move on to something else he got really mad I mean really mad
and he argues that he was trying to use ivermectin or explore ivermectin for its possibility of
curing his damage from the shot or its damage from long covid I don't know what it was but
I know for sure that as smart as that guy is and as prolific as he was as a tweeter it was just
absolutely absurd that he spent months and months and months and months and months
with his head up Musk's rear end saying that Elon Musk is the smartest guy on the internet
and ivermectin is a wonder drug I think
and over analyzing every single study over analyzing every single review and every single
outcome like tweet threads from here to Tokyo
oh and now Steven Hatfill's writing a book about hydroxychloroquine I mean it's just it can't be
any more ridiculous so that we are still just running around in circles all the time the captain's
going to come in in another five minutes again we're stuck on this spaceship and we can't get off
let's watch this bid and see what we think
I'm Dr. Pierre Kory I'm a pulmonary and critical cash specialist and I'm the author of the book
the war and ivermectin. Prior to the pandemic I knew little of the true scope and scale of
pharmaceutical industry influence over clinical trials high impact medical journals public health
agencies and media. The day that I read the article called the disinformation playbook by the
union for concerned scientists to transform my life I suddenly realized that we were in the midst
of a global disinformation campaign conducted by the pharmaceutical industry using time honored
tactics first pioneered by the tobacco industry. I'm just going to stop it right here and show you
these tactics that are listed in this article called the union of concerned scientists and
it's the disinformation playbook and the reason why I want to show you the plays is because I want
you to see that the two best plays in this playbook are never ever applied to the main narrative
they're never applied to the bio terrorist bio security state
they're never applied to people like gee or donno
and so as I show you these plays and we think about them that's the thing I want you to think
about how could these plays be used to create the illusion of a pandemic
how would you use actors on the internet and on social media in in co-hoots with one another in
coordinated opposing narratives with one another how would you use that to create the illusion of
a pandemic well the first thing you might do is you might manipulate government officials or
processes inappropriately to influence policy right so you can use money to do that you can use
grant funding to do that and now in this evident in this position I want to tell this story because
I I think it fits here and it's just random I'm just thinking random here um
hey thank you very much wow that's nice um
what I want you to think about I came up with this new analogy I just want to test it out on the
people here 97 people are here I'm really excited um there has been this thing the fix right
manipulating government officials or processes to inappropriate influence policy so using money
to influence policy the one that I really like to talk about is grant fault grant calls because
how you write your grant call actually determines what research gets done and so if you don't write
a grant call for that research that research will never get done and what I want to do is give
you a little lesson about how I think autism has been improperly researched to influence the way
that the entire society and indeed academia thinks about it um so what I'm going to do is I'm going
to cut over here and go to the right um and then I just want to draw a little graph and
hope it will make sense to you a little bit so this is a a graph of the whole continuum
of car accidents okay I don't know if this is going to be the right graph or not and what I
want to do is on the on the the x-axis let's say like this there are there are cause a number of
people that are dying from the car accidents and then on the bottom axis this is a little bit of a
metaphor or an analogy so don't think that this is like math here this is trying to get an idea
across across the bottom here are all the causes of of a continuum of causes of car accidents right
somewhere over here is school bus crossings over here is you know whatever and so you got all these
bars that add up to the total number of car accidents okay and then over here right here is drunk
driving okay so these this bar right here is drunk driving we're going to make it a big spike
right that's the bar but if we were doing it right it would just be a very narrow sliver but
you know apologize I'm using a pencil so we're going to use this as a bar I guess I'll make it
a bar so these are all bars right for different causes of car accidents and this bar right here
is drunk driving okay now the way that they have done it with autism and I think this is a really
great analogy my wife loved it the way that they've done it with autism is that they've said
okay so we've got a grant call for autism and we want you to find genetic causes of autism but
in this analogy what it would be is we want you to find genetic causes for car accidents
so the biology community of all of the major institutions in the United States get together
at their local biology department and say hey guys there's a new grant call from the NIH and they
want us to find genetic causes or genetic correlations correlations with genes and and auto accidents
and so some biologists will get excited and say oh yeah but we can look in people with with uh
with vision disorders and see if we have genes for that and then we'll look for correlations
between those genes and car accidents great write that grant well I'm going to look for people that
have have some kind of nervous twitch disorder or or an inherited epileptic disease and then see
if they are a significant group of car accidents that's a great idea look at those genes write that
grant and so if they write a grant or rather they call for a grant that says
I want you to look for correlations between the tires that they use and car accidents you're
going to find that there's a little sliver of car accidents that are caused by a particularly
crappy kind of tire maybe after a rigorous rigorous investigation and many negative results
we found a significant correlation between the use of Michelin 584s in combination
on rear tires with blah blah blah blah and that results p-value is significant
and if they wrote a grant call that said we want to find relationships between vaccination and autism
it would be the same thing as if they said well we would like you to use your to write a grant
call about the relationship between drinking and auto accidents well then you're going to find
a wonderful correlation you're going to find a lot of stories you're going to find a lot of
causation you're going to be able to tell a very good story about it because a very significant
portion of all auto accidents is actually caused by that one thing drunk driving
and so if you compared the severity of these accidents to other accidents and then said well
you know the times when people went off the road and and and hit the curb with their bad tires
is kind of the same as when people get in a drunk driving accident and kill a family of five and
ahead on collision with a hundred miles an hour after they blacked out on the highway and crossed
the median and so with autism it's very easy for the NIH to write grant calls that will find
all kinds of different ways that you can get something that resembles autism to occur something
that resembles a car accident but that's pretty disingenuous when you know there are drunk drivers
on the road and it's pretty disingenuous if you know in your heart of hearts that vaccines are
the causing this injury even if there are other ways to have a car accident it would be pretty
shitty to ignore drunk driving as a cause and to spend no money on it it would be even worse if
you denied that drinking while driving caused any more accidents than drinking soda it would be
really bad if you said well come on drinking and driving very rarely causes an accident I mean
come on most people aren't even stupid enough to drink and drive so that's just ridiculous
we're not going to spend any money worrying about drunk drivers
but that's exactly what they've done with the vaccine injuries even though they're a very
significant fraction even though it happens every year even though they know the pattern exists
they deny it and spend money trying to find other causes of the car accidents
and when they find them they tell stories about how this is evidence that there isn't one way for
people to get into car accidents and people are really blowing it out of proportion how dangerous
drunk driving is tell me that's not a winner tell me that's not a winner and now tell me why
we weren't there already why isn't somebody already come up with an analogy that's strong
we're about to start winning big time ladies and gentlemen because this biology is starting
to become clear because there are no teams anymore the only teams that are left are constructed
fake posing teams
I'm totally ready right now to say that that with regard to SARS-CoV-2 in the pandemic all the
no-virus people were right but I am not willing to accept that all the people on that side that
were really coordinating their effort were always forthright with how they went about this
debate they were not forthright and I don't know who's responsible for it I don't I'm not gonna
put any names on it it's very possible that Christine Massey is not responsible for her choice to just
keep hammering foyer foyer foyer maybe that was her task given to some girl by somebody that
she respected and trusted because that's how this is done but now we're here now we're here where
I'm saying it and I work for CHD and so at this point now the door is wide open
the door is wide open for a a united front
and I assure you they're not going to take this opening and if they do I'll be very
surprised and happy and I think we will make enormous progress moving forward it's even
possible that at that stage is somebody like Robert F Kennedy jr who has no real
vested interest in one way or another other than getting the story right might come around too
once he sees that this idea is finally starting to have the acidic effects it should have a year
ago already when I when I finally realized that cloning was the only thing that they can really
manage to make work that they could use that molecular biology to pretend that that RNA
virology is real that's exactly what I meant when I emailed them and said I think we might all be
right and we might all be fooled and I really think we should get together and they said
huh so here are the here are the things that this this disinformation playbook has is so first
the fix then the blitz harassed scientists who speak out with results or views inconvenient
for industry that that's what it's written for right so this is like pharmaceutical companies
attacking scientists who are good guys but what we're not really seeing in this playbook and
what we should really see in this playbook is how a biosecurity state that wanted to control
its population or the population of the known world with a mythology these are the same plays
that they would use a screen by credibility through alliances with academia professional
societies tell me the AMA and the American Academy of Pediatrics are not these kinds of screens
but who are they screening for are they screening for the pharmaceutical companies maybe before they
were but now they're screening for something bigger I think and so we have this diversion
manufacture uncertainty about science where little or none exists you mean like whether people
will survive a novel virus whether whether a certain treatment works or whether they need to
be ventilated to prevent spread you mean that kind of uncertainty about stuff that was already known
like how we get people out of secondary pneumonia with antibiotics
and the fake conduct counterfeit science and try to pass it off as legitimate research you mean
like using metagenomic sequencing to imply that there are millions of coronavirus is waiting to
jump 1.7 million coronavirus is waiting to zoneautically jump according to Peter Dasek and Nathan Wolff
which again was not anything that I was denying already two years ago so there was plenty of
common ground for the no virus people to have linked up with us much earlier but
I do believe that certain people prevented it from happening but I definitely definitely was not one
of them and so what I want you to think about again are these playbooks really things that are
being run by the tobacco companies and by pharmaceutical companies to orchestrate the pandemic or is
there a layer above this that's running the same place on us so I'll continue the video now
I'm Dr. Pierre Kory, I'm a pulmonary critical care specialist and I guess
prior to the pandemic I knew little of the true scope and scale I guess what I want how I want
you to watch this is I want you to see that even even the opposition to ivermectin in this video
as it's portrayed in your eyes should be seen as a scooby-doo they wanted us to think that ivermectin
was valuable they wanted us to clearly see that they were denying it was valuable so that we would
get very fired up about solving the mystery of ivermectin being valuable and as we argued about ivermectin
being valuable and the same people that covered up the virus are now covering up ivermectin it
sure looks like that the freaking virus is circulating and in fact that's exactly the
bamboozlement that occurs as you engage in this debate that you come to accept the monster
that requires the ivermectin the monster becomes an assumed part of the story, assumed part of the
debate and that is the beauty of the scooby-doo once you start solving their mysteries you have
accepted their monsters dang it we're getting good at this come on now
a pharmaceutical industry influence over clinical trials high impact medical journals
public health agencies and the media the day that i read the article called the disinformation
playbook by the union for concerned scientists it transformed my life i suddenly realized that
we were in the midst of a global disinformation campaign conducted by the pharmaceutical industry
using time-honored tactics first pioneered by the tobacco industry in order to suppress the
evidence of efficacy of a drug called ivermectin which could have ended the pandemic their actions
in those tactics led to millions of needless deaths across the world i felt compelled to write
to go up to warn ivermectin it was my brilliant co-writer jennifer carthi and together with this
so so what we are being led to believe is that the withdrawal or though withholding of ivermectin
killed millions of people that died of a virus not of protocols not of secondary pneumonia and
denial of antibiotics not secondary pneumonia and denial of steroids now keep in mind pure
cori has done sub-stacks about the misuse of steroids pure cori has done sub-stacks about
you know the doctors being able to should have been able to do whatever they want and he's
probably done sub-stacks about the ventilators not being what was needed i mean he went from
wisconsin to new york right into the heart of it he must have seen that happening the point is
is that with regard to ivermectin he's playing this game whether it's coerced or
or by choice or or that he just doesn't get it that he really believes
the one thing he hasn't considered apparently is that the protocols were killing people and so
if you take them or don't put them on a protocol instead put them on something that will either
not harm them or maybe possibly help them as an antibiotic or uh or uh some other kind of
chloride channel blocker for pathogens then uh yeah there's an effect there
and all this super fast recovery and stuff like that with ivermectin might speak to the
fact that ivermectin has some uh antibiotic qualities helping people cope with secondary
pneumonia but my guess is that ivermectin is never ever ever in these protocols given alone
and once you start giving ivermectin and azithromycin or ivermectin and monoclonal antibodies like
they did to joe rogan well then where are we then we're in in mythology land again
and we're not debating the need the need is based on the test the need is based on pcr and that
doesn't differentiate from a conflated background that they probably spent three years studying
so that they could accurately roll it out over the course of the pandemic go ahead take it take
it away take it away if and when this happens again you better get your ivermectin
joe rogan announced on social media today that he has covid so we immediately through the kitchen
sink out of all kinds of meds monoclonal antibodies uh ivermectin one of those drugs he mentioned
ivermectin is something more often used to deworm horses so things are clearly bad but they're being
made even worse by people who have refused to take the vaccine and instead are swallowing
horse dewormer ivermectin is ineffective against covid but could put you in a coma it can kill you
it can kill you there's no clinical evidence that indicates that this works it goes beyond
that we actually know that it doesn't work we should talk about that that bothered you it
should bother you too lying at your network about people taking human drugs versus drugs
now if you think oh darn you demon if you think for one second that that was that was by accident
that's where you're making the mistake that's where we were taken at the time
but as you look backwards now i want to challenge you to think about the possibility that even that
interaction with cnn and cnn's misstep with regards to saying that joe rogan was taking horse medicine
was staged it was staged so that that joe rogan could get that clip
and so that that clip would go viral and that people would be convinced that these people were
covering up a lab leak and covering up what would be useful for it and it doesn't make sense
but it's happening right before my eyes and i figured it out on my own
it's really cannot be underestimated how much of this was a script there's no clinical evidence
that indicates that this works it goes beyond that we actually know that it doesn't work we
should talk about that that bothered you it should bother you too lying at your network
about people taking human drugs versus drugs or veterinarian calling it a horse to wormers
not a flattering thing i get that it's a lie they shouldn't have said that why did they do that i
don't know you're the micro guy over there ivermectin can be a very effective medication
touted as a miracle prevention and cure by far right commentators and anti-vaxxers ivermectin
is a treatment for life and what initially led this was an fda twitter account that used the term
y'all to express denigration of ivermectin as a horse drug the truth is that the dose that's
used for horses by body weight is the same dose that's recommended for humans but it's formulated
and manufactured to a quality standard that's very different the cdc put out a national advisory
on this warning the whole country against taking this drug ivermectin formulated for horses and
cows and sheep with that memo fired every doctor then suddenly me and all my early treatment
colleagues around the country we were faced with problems like we'd never had before
so it was the first time in history that we ever saw a doctor who could be prosecuted for using
a generic safe and effective drug for the application that doctor thought was appropriate my group of
five the core five of us i see doctors collectively were some of the most highly published doctors in
the history of critical care medicine hall marrick is the most published practicing intensivist
in the world as we sit here today i'm the most published person in my field in history but when
covid 19 hit my clinical and academic world was turned upside down that's when our lives
started going sideways professionally paul started getting numerous complaints against him that he's
never had in his career for the first time in my entire career i could not be a doctor i had to
stand by idly i had to stand by idly watching these people die
i'm quite certain that marrick is not um in on this america if anything is being being
being overshadowed by these other people because he has almost almost only good things to say he's
only only had good things to say from the very beginning of the pandemic and he has been
has required damping um i'm not i don't know who is doing the damping but just having all these
other people around instead of just letting him talk um is basically part of the the goal
because if you've ever heard him give a speech about what happened in the pandemic he's well he's
really kind of like mike eden in a lot of ways except he doesn't go so far as to say there's
nothing there he just says that there's nothing there that we couldn't have treated um so yeah
anyway he's still pretty much on the scooby-doo but at least i don't think he's uh an actor
from the fda emergency use authorization of medical products and related authorities
for the fda to issue an emergency use authorization there must be no adequate
approved and available attorney you know whose voice this is right this is heather hay
preventing or treating the disease or condition if i've remembered were an effective treatment
the vaccines never would have gotten emergency use authorization in the u.s
if a viable therapeutic but i mean if if if ventilators and remdesivir were killing people
and the use the lack of use of antibiotics were killing people then we didn't need something new
we just needed to stop doing what we weren't where we were doing and so again this is laying
down the narrative that there is a need for something new the something new was ivermectin
that fits in this unique niche that otherwise would be filled by EUA products
but we don't need any EUA products if all we need to do is stop killing people
and i am definitely ashamed of how long it took me to come to this realization but part of the
reason it took me to come to this realization is because every time i started to get away from
the idea of the virus nobody was there to say yeah there's no virus they're killing people with
stuff there were only people there to tell me how bad the virus was how bad the spike protein
was how the spike protein was causing amyloid or prion disease and how the the the transfections
weren't that bad that they were pushing the virus around so there were lots of narratives that needed
fighting and the front to fight at never felt like the no virus front because again once you
started fighting on that front you couldn't find allies there was nobody that was willing to
meet you halfway help you to navigate that either you had to jump all the way and admit that there
were no viruses anywhere and measles doesn't exist or we're not even going to talk to you
and that was part of the same the same song and dance that these guys have performed is just a
different part of the dance in order to make sure that none of us made forward progress that we
always circled around and came back to the goal all the time which is not understanding and being
engaged in a debate about a lab leak or a natural virus and whether or not the worst case scenario
was underway like people like Charles Ricksey or or Kevin McCarron would like you to believe that
super prions are going to come out of the plants and they're coming out of all these vaccinated
people and out of the virus and out of the the spike protein and so it's still worst case
scenario it's still the same thing and so we're really dealing with a bunch of what now seem to be
disparate narratives that don't ever want to come back to baseline but just want to keep going off
in the direction that they are in hopes that they can keep fracturing our understanding of it.
And it's not working anymore that's the best part about it.
And so I think I might have skipped off there and somewhere I didn't want to go but we're just
going to leave this keep playing. Strategy existed for outpatients then the logic supporting universal
vaccination with largely experiment. Yeah but David Ike said that there was no virus from the
beginning but for years he had been saying that these people were lizard people without any real
evidence and so you got to wonder again if he's not set up to be that guy who can tell you the truth
but he's so outlandish about other things that no one takes him seriously.
I mean that was basically the idea with Bill Cooper right? I think what happened with Bill Cooper
is that they tricked him into believing that he saw spacecraft in in top secret areas so that when he
got out of the army and started preaching about how the American government was being
usurped and that we had to you know become part of the Berkshire Society and all this other stuff
a very libertarian type position that he his position would be discredited when he talked about UFOs.
And whether or not he knew he was being played like that is another thing entirely but a lot of
this is done in that way. And I do think that it's possible that David Ike is one of these people who
plays that role where maybe even Alex Jones is a guy who plays this role where he tells the truth
about things and then the system uses him to discredit that truth. For example if Alex Jones
is telling the truth about Sandy Hook well that was a pretty nice way to completely discredit that
story forever wasn't it? And that's basically how they did it with a lot of a lot of these
narratives is they set someone up to be debunked and then now that story is debunked for everybody.
And so David Ike revealing that there was no virus is very similar to Andy Kaufman saying that
there's no virus and then not wanting to discuss exosomes anymore. Not wanting to discuss anything
else but the isolation of viruses and and the isolation of this virus rather than wanting to
tell the whole story of the fraud and staying very compartmentalized within that and then always
always always Tom Cowan and these other people inevitably get to things that they definitely
don't understand like the physics of water on small scale or or the electrostatic forces at play
in in a solvent and then they talk about water crystals and how people are freezing water and
capturing images in them and it so then at the same time as they're saying there's no virus
because they're lying about coronavirus they also start talking about things that we can
at least on the surface say that they're a little bit nutty and that's the idea it's exactly how it
works and anybody that tries to put it all together gets discredited. It's that simple
and after four years it should be easier for all of us to see it. It really should.
Mental products is no longer supportable. The war on Ivermectin is waged by very powerful
forces with a lot of money. I mean public health was built on an obsessive global vaccination policy
which Ivermectin would have threatened.
They've got Pfizer's third quarter earnings revenue they're projecting to be 98 to 102 billion dollars.
Pfizer, BioNTech and Moderna. Do you know how much profit they made from these shots?
$1,000 every second from Wuhan virus vaccines.
You're talking about hundreds of billions of dollars in geopolitical implications
that would be significantly affected if the people had access to a safe and widely available
medicine. This is an incredibly cheap drug it's off-licence it's generic it can be manufactured
in huge amounts in India remarkably low cost.
Works patent on Ivermectin expired in 1996. In 2021 Merck released a statement claiming
that Ivermectin was not an effective treatment against COVID-19 and bizarrely claimed quote
a concerning lack of safety data and the majority of studies. It was plenty safe for Merck to
distribute widely when it was still under patent but now they're claiming the safety record is
insufficient. And they actually made mopovinir which is just a version of Ivermectin right and so
they just made another patented version of it which is not a very effective drug either which
should tell you a lot about the apparent effectiveness of Ivermectin. Folks need to understand that just
because there is an article out there that asserts that something is false recognize that those are
paid. Recognize that people who say it's true could be paid too. Every major media outlet in the
United States shares at least one board member with at least one drug company. Let me put in
perspective for you these board members wake up they go to a meeting at Merck or Pfizer and then
they have their driver take them over to meeting with NBC to decide what kind of programming that
network is going to air. They can't be honest and objective about big pharma because big pharma
pays their bills. In fact one analysis claimed that nine out of the top 10 drug makers spent
more on marketing than they did on research. CNN tonight brought to you by Pfizer brought to you
by Pfizer brought to you by Pfizer brought to you by Pfizer brought to you by Pfizer brought
to you by Pfizer. Now even this brought to you by Pfizer don't you think it's also possible that
they just did that they don't need to advertise but if they throw it in your face like that
I think they did that on purpose for us. For us to go see look we can make cuts like this they
really are awful. It's too odd. I mean it doesn't even make sense unless they were messing with us
the whole time and that's what you need to see on all of those where Maddow covers it and they
make fun of it on all these shows while the other people are saying no it's great.
It's not possible for the truth to be you know I mean one of those two's got to be lying right?
He says it's black he says it's white but they can't both be right and now you're solving their
mystery. Now you're engaging in their debate and this debate presupposes the existence of a novel
virus for which a novel treatment is not only necessary but currently unknown.
If asked the question did you know how much influence your former employer had on big media
and so on I have no idea it is clear that the pharmaceutical industry has has a great deal of
sway on what goes on if you can shape the message then you can shape the world and that's what
they've done. What was the last time you turned on the news and ever got an update about how
why aren't we talking about the fact that CIA also influences the news. Why aren't we talking
about the fact that NSA is monitoring all internet traffic in America and around the world if they
can. Why aren't we talking about these things? Why are we talking about pharmaceutical companies
as being the big baddies? What about SEPI? What about the who?
What about this biosecurity state? What about Chinese government? What about
everybody so sure they know who did it. I have a feeling a lot of people took part in the faking
of the stopping and starting of the train and now they're all trying to slowly take their hands
off the train and back away a little bit but they all can't do it at once or all suddenly
figure out that it's not true. And there's a lot of panic going on right now as we start to leave
the subway station and not watch their big show anymore. There's a lot of panic happening right
now because all that gets left is questioning the whole childhood vaccine schedule and the whole
public health has a whole and the only thing they've got are the skilled TV watchers. Everybody else
is breaking free fast. Lots of them are breaking free because people are having
unexpected aneurysms at age 48. High school kids are having heart attacks
and people are having all kinds of new advanced cancer that went away and came back
new cancer they never thought they've had accelerated faster than ever before.
I don't know how that figures in with a with a bio agent that is causing pre-on disease that we
still haven't found yet. The team worst case scenario is still working to preserve the narrative
wittingly or unwittingly willingly or unwillingly they're all doing it. This is an old video here
they're doing a show here now. The rest of the world is handling COVID. My wife brought
me a sweet role so I'm going to eat it. Has launched an urgent caught up the table. It's very very
tasty. They're seeking easier access to Ivermectin. Globally at least five countries want to use Ivermectin
to treat COVID-19 including India and Argentina. There are numerous concrete tests in medical
journals around the world that Ivermectin does work. The earliest reports we had one of them we had
in Peru where they got into a good mode of using multi drug treatment with an Ivermectin based
approach that they were crushing their curves. And the president of the Tokyo Medical Association
announced to all doctors during a summer surge that they should use Ivermectin in the treatment.
Within weeks the hospitalization rates reported out of Japan were lower than at any other time
in the pandemic. And we've got to check to make sure that it was only Ivermectin that they did.
Did they also start treating with antibiotics in the normal way of treating pneumonia?
These questions remain unanswered but my guess is the answer to those questions will not be
happy times for Ivermectin. The real proof positive came when COVID-19 really hit hard in Mexico City.
They finally after lots of struggle came with an Ivermectin based multi drug approach and
literally cleared out the hospitals. And then we have reports all the way through
that various states in India. In India the government has been widely promoting the use of
now please understand that both Pierre Kory and Peter McCalla said in that segment that these
places started a multi drug approach that used Ivermectin. So from their perspective and from the
perspective of this video the only substance that mattered in the treatment was Ivermectin but it
was a multi drug approach. Just make sure you're hearing what they're saying because those are
real words that matter. Ivermectin state leaders have just declared that Uttar Pradesh is now
officially COVID free. A region with nearly as many people as the entire United States
is totally COVID free. The miracle success of Uttar Pradesh not one mention of Ivermectin being
used. In the countries that it has been used in the countries where the studies are the results
are not good. They are overwhelming. They are well over 90% success rate. In the United States
it's a horse dewormer it's horse-paced and only the illiterate ignorant and or unvaccinated user.
The key paradox is if you look at mortality rate in the United States one of the most
highly funded medical care systems in the world and what we find is the mortality in the United
States is among the worst in the world. If you look at these innumerable failed policies there's
only one way to understand them. They are literally written by pharmaceutical companies. They can
design trials to fail to disprove the use of cheat medicines and they can make things appear
that they don't work. And what about what about these protocols that can kill people?
What about the protocols using Remdesivir and ventilators and not using antibiotics?
Because again we're blaming the pharmaceutical companies for something that was actually
orchestrated by protocols that were dictated by the government run by military people.
And so it's maybe not a question about whether the DOD did what they did with the shot.
So much of the fact that they did what they did with the mass casualty events
that were necessary to establish the appearance of a spreading pathogen that could be modeled
to be the worst case scenario. And we are being distracted into believing that the DOD is responsible
for the rollout of the shot when the DOD was very very much responsible for the rollout of
the mass casualty events that could be turned around and said to be spreading COVID. And they
needed those military people in those you can look at Jessica's latest article and you can see
that there were military people in these ICUs who are basically probably terminating people on Medicare.
Ladies and gentlemen, I see the light of the opening of the cave. I don't need my flashlight anymore.
I'm so close. It's starting to get cold because the air is so fresh. Holy man, it's exciting.
I sit as a non-voting member of the active committee for drugs within IH. I've seen the
dynamics of what are going on with all those trials, which most of which have failed.
Unfortunately, it's eminently possible to manipulate the outcomes of a clinical study. If you want
to study to fail, that's dead easy. Now there are fourth quote-unquote negative study of IH.
In a major medical journal and each time is a media frenzy. There was a systematic review looking
at randomized control. Hey, don't you one for one second think that I put Tim Truth
in the same bucket as Andrew Kaufman and Tom Cowan. Tim Truth has been very open to hearing my
side of the story. Very open to listening to my side and amplifying it. And so Tim Truth may very
well be on the no virus team and he's right to be there. But Tim Truth was never one of these
people who said I'm not going to talk to you Jay unless you tell me first that there's no virus.
And I'm not going to talk to you about clones Jay. I'm only going to talk to you about the words
isolation and purification. Tim Truth was absolutely open to all possibilities and
discussions. And so Tim Truth just gets a big gold star for me for this just for being ahead of me
on it. I couldn't see it for what it was. Just a great big bait and switch with some excess deaths
created by protocols modeled as spread. And then just a massive abuse of us psychologically on
social media and on television to make us believe something happening that was not.
I am so excited how much progress we are making trial that happened done. And they found that there
was no benefit for Ivermectin in reducing mortality, death to COVID-19, no reduction in symptoms
or duration of symptoms for COVID-19. So it does not work. People need to understand that
academics have been threatened with losing their position and threatened with getting no further
research grants if they speak out against the narrative. Guess why that is? Two-thirds of the
world's non-commercial biological research is funded by just three bodies. The welcome trust
in the UK, the NIH and specifically the NIAID under Tony Fauci and the Bill and the indicates
foundation. There's this pattern that is consistent with a concerted effort to mislead the public by
withholding information using modern technology, media, censorship. Really, let's call it what it
is thought control. He could actually control exactly what people think. And that is the that
is a hard job. Whenever you have clear cut evidence that a drug works, you have an ethical
obligation to immediately let the people know so that they could have access. What are you telling
people? Holy crap. Did you see that? I want. Did you see that they actually took the clip
of Tony Fauci saying that Remdesivir showed effectiveness and therefore we had to institute
it immediately. And they turned around and they used it and applied it to Ivermectin not to say
that those words can't be taken out of context creatively and used like this. But it's it's exactly
what I talked about 15 or 20 minutes ago when I said that the only guy on our side who came out
about Ivermectin and came out very succinctly to explain why it wouldn't work, why it was
deadly, why it was a ridiculous idea that he sat on that couch and pushed it and not one sucker on
our side picked it up after he dropped the ball on the venom thing. And who knows if he dropped
the ball on the venom thing? Maybe they have put small epitopes generated from or derived from
venom into this spike protein sequence. I don't know. But the point is is that what the orchestrated
media theater did was they use that gaff about cobra venom to discredit artists and the whole
show allowed his brilliant insight on Remdesivir to go down with him. Not one of these clever
people picked up that, well, David artists might have been wrong. And that's fine about that. But
he wasn't wrong about Remdesivir. And we shouldn't forget that that was a great contribution to our
breakout. Nope. Everybody forgot. And here we are. We have this video about Ivermectin and we
actually took those those things out of context when it could be an additional dunk. It's one of
the biggest dunks of all. Then a drug that was predicted to be useful for a novel coronavirus pandemic
by by by Alison Totura, the last postdoc of have Ralph Barrick before the pandemic.
And Cina Bavari in 2019, an article that there might be a coronavirus breakout and that Remdesivir
at the time still had some crazy letter numbered name would be useful in such a scenario.
And just a few few months later, here's Tony Fauci on the couch of the White House saying that
this new drug Remdesivir is effective and it would be just absolutely ridiculous ethics not to use
it immediately. And away we go. And so the past is erased. The erasure is forgotten and the lie
becomes truth. Do you see? One of the greatest stories of the pandemic has now just been co-opted
into the Ivermectin story. It's like, what really? Is that really how we're going to do this?
A pill, orally administered single pill given for seven to ten days, little drug-drug interaction
and low toxicity. Give me that and I'll be really happy. Ivermectin has been used safely for decades,
has no known drug interactions, won a Nobel Prize for its success treating humans and is on the WHO's
I would agree with with I would agree with
I would agree with the person who said that artist was probably set up to hang that Remdesivir story
and I think that's probably true. That that's one definite possibility anyway. Let's say it like that.
And so again, let's let's cite this for what it is. There is an extreme set of contradictory
information that was being released at this time. Bad protocols, bad clinical trials,
mischaracterization of doses or mischaracterization of uses
and a bunch of people on social media and on mainstream media complaining that it was a poison
making fun of people who taking it and that on the other side people saying it's a vital drug
that they're covering up that could save millions of lives. So it is ultra-contradictory. One side
says it can kill you and it's useless. The other side says that it's great for everything and it
it's say could save millions of lives. And that huge gigantic contradiction is the same as
has somebody arguing that no, Michael Jordan is a really crappy basketball player. No,
Jordan is a really good basketball player. Only one person can be right
and they want you to feel that way. They want the two conclusions to be so far apart
that it is impossible for you to to to conceive a middle ground.
Michael Jordan is the best basketball player that's ever lived. Michael Jordan is a washed up
chump who never did anything good. There's obviously one is very close to the truth
probably and another one is ridiculous. And with these two narratives about
Ivermectin, they're both ridiculous. But because you're given this dichotomy that's so far apart
and so contradictory, the logic in your brain almost forces you to choose one.
That's the magic of this. That's one of the many tricks that they use.
Safest, most effective medicines in the entire world. And it showed an 86% effectiveness to
prevent people from contracting COVID. Ivermectin has been used over four billion times and it's
used for a wide variety of treatments. Ivermectin has been shown to possess different anti-information,
antiviral, and anti-tumor properties. That is the thing about Ivermectin. It's not good,
it's great. Breaking news, the FDA lawyer announces that Ivermectin can be subscribed for COVID-19.
I have never seen an evidence base this large with 81 controlled trials. 10 years of in vitro
studies in the lab against a dozen RNA viruses all showing that Ivermectin stops replication.
It literally is, in my mind, the single greatest public health achievement in our history of
infection control in the world. Now, there is a possibility, of course, that Ivermectin is a
wonder drug and an antiviral. And in the face of a transfection, in the face of a RNA pathogen,
or whatever it is that uses an enzyme to replicate that in an in vivo preparation,
it seems to stop replication. But I want to see those studies. I want to see what they're using for
the RNA virus. And I want to see what they're using as a readout because I bet we're going to
be back to right where we started, where the no-virus people would just dissect that and tear it apart.
I think that's where we will be. And so, my conjecture is, again, here that these orchestrated
debates about things were designed very specifically to convert all excess deaths into a mystery virus,
for which we needed special cures for brand new cures like hydroxychloroquine or Ivermectin.
It couldn't just be antibiotics and a steroid at the right time. It couldn't just be vitamin C,
D, and zinc, and some, you know, warm blanket, chicken soup. It had to be ventilators and remdesivir
in order to create the excess deaths that could be used to justify the slope right here. This slope
was created. This was created. It was created by dumb ideas and maybe even by intervention.
But it was not caused by a spreading respiratory pathogen. You can see it more clearly when you
show the graph with all cause mortality behind it. Total deaths every week since 2014 to
2022, they ignored all of this stuff in order to create a pandemic out of nothing.
They killed a lot of people on Medicare in order to save the money that they would have cost in
the years to come. They killed a lot of people in Medicaid or Medicare old folks homes to save
the money that they would cost to keep them alive. And they did it all with all of these protocols
and lack of protocol. And then the argument is, is that if we don't do all of this garbage,
but instead give them a little antibiotics in Ivermectin to look at that, they're all cured.
Oh, surprise, surprise. We're still not talking about strict liability for all vaccine products.
We're still not talking about it being a Seventh Amendment violation for the PrEP Act to prevent
me from using a a normal court to sue for damages. We're still not talking about there
being zero epidemiological evidence for spread. And we're still not talking about these lost
this, this money that was saved by killing all these old people and they're misconstruing it as
a spreading virus. And that's because they've got us right now and we've got to really start
to push back if we're going to get out of this trap. We've got about nine or 10 months, I think,
before more more shenanigans are going to happen. And that's a very optimistic appraisal.
But I don't feel that there's anything quite ready to go yet. And I do feel like there's a lot of
scrambling going on, but it were not we are in danger of the lie becoming truth, especially for
our children. And so that's why we've got to be very vigilant about this. And I think I'm just
going to end it right there. Let me see what this was. We don't need to do that, I don't think.
No, we don't need to do that. But we can, it'll go really quick. Don't forget, like a mixed tape,
right? They take viruses out of the wild, they can't really grow them in a culture very well.
So what they do instead is that they sequence in the best they can, they fill in the blanks
from other coronavirus sequences that have been reported in the past. They make a DNA molecule
construct of it, and then they use a series of plasmids to replicate that DNA molecule and make
many copies of it. And so those plasmids are grown in bacterial cultures, and then those bacteria
can be liced and broken open, and you get those plasmids DNA out of those guys, you combine them
with a commercial enzyme or a cell culture or electropyrate them into a cell culture,
and you can turn that DNA into RNA or into proteins. And so that RNA made with RNA polymerase could
be put on cell culture for experiments, it could be given to animals for experiments,
it could be stored and shared with other researchers. More importantly, infectious clone technology
allows infectious clone RNA to be made in large quantities, so that in theory,
a distribution of these large quantities of RNA could result in the appearance of a spreading RNA
pathogen, which I think we've come to the conclusion that RNA can't do a pandemic. But RNA infectious
clones could definitely be used to seed the molecular biology that could be misconstrued
as a pandemic, especially if we have this virus on the background of previous RNA signals,
which have never bothered to be undifferentiated from pathogen and exosome and all kinds of other
signals that we know are there. And so that's the job of some of these people on the playing field.
What you have to realize is that we weren't supposed to figure this out this fast, we are supposed to
be the playing field on which these people operate. And they're supposed to be messing with each other
using people like me and Mark. But now that we have started to see through how these people have
been messing with the narrative via messing with us, it started to become harder for them to push
back and forth between one another. And it appears to be that some of these criminal syndicates are
actually starting to push against one another directly and trying very hard to just ignore
my work, Mark's work and the work of Jessica Hockett. And of course, of Nick Hudson and Thomas Binder
and Denis Rancourt and Jonathan Engler and Martin Neal. Please check out the sub stack of Jessica
Martin and Jonathan that they just released. You can find that on Jessica's sub stack. It's really
good. And it talks a lot about it interviews a whistleblower that puts a lot of a lot of meat
on these bones as well. So there's there the ball is moving very rapidly. But please don't
forget that we wandered all throughout 2020 and 2021. And none of these people helped us.
We didn't get picked up by their car until June of 2021 at the earliest.
Only Michael Yeden and Wolfgang Wodach and Crtt Wodkowski and myself and a few others were coming
out against the narrative and coming out against the shots before they were released. And these
people all started coming out and speaking out much, much later. And if they came out at all,
some of these people in the top corner here are just worst case scenario from the very beginning.
Some of them have been saying amyloidosis and prion disease since the very beginning
and still continue to say it now. Keeping us on this road. Keeping us wandering or maybe giving
us a ride in their car for a little while, but all the while never never planning to take us
over the finish line. So they have sustained this illusion of consensus about a laboratory or
badcave zoonosis about a bio weapon in this faith in a novel virus, whatever it is,
is going to be used to try and govern our children in the future. And the way we break out of this
is to not let them board this train. We cannot let them board this train where there's a
symptomatic transmission where when they go to the doctor, they need a test for 17 different
pathogens and it's all based on PCR. We don't need mRNA for any healthy humans ever, no matter
what form it's in, no matter how they want to transfect us, we don't need it. We don't need it
because healthy humans, your medicine should be your food and your food should be your medicine.
We can't let our children grow up believing that people work on viruses in laboratories.
We definitely can't let our children grow up believing what Robert Malone said earlier in the
program that bachelor students in biology can enrich pathogens in their garage.
This faith is a lie. It was a conflated background signal. It's become very obvious to me that one
very plausible explanation for this is that they took a bunch of people like Nathan Wolf type
people like Andrew Huff type people like eco-health alliance type people whatever and they spent
about three years characterizing the conflated background signal rather the background signal
that they intended to conflate and then they told us a story and they
enacted a very elaborate theater about a cover up and a very elaborate theater about a novel
virus that needed novel cures. It was killing millions of people that millions more could be
saved from and likely came from gain of function all the while just using data that they had gathered
knowledge that they had gathered about what this background signal was like and how that they
could use it as a confounder for PCR tests and for sequencing.
It is a biosecurity operation for national security reasons all the marbles are on the table
and therefore lying to achieve your goals is definitely on the table
and lying to achieve your bioterrorism goals is definitely on the table. We are being governed by
mythology because we are at a time point where we are at a peak forever. The largest pure population
homogenous genetic population on earth in India and in China will not exist forever and the largest
heterogeneous population of multiracial people in America will never exist forever.
These populations perfect research populations the heterogeneous version in America the homogenous
version in certain places around the world in Asia presents a once in a species opportunity
to collect the data to do the experiments necessary to bridge the gap from wherever we are now to
this futurist version of humanity where we are our own engineers our own programmers
and we do it with AI this is what they tell each other in these meetings these are the
opportunities that they see and that's why they are behaving the way that they are behaving and I think
there are more and more people starting to understand the significance of this interpretation of the
story. I'm not saying that it's not about CBDCs I'm not saying it's not about digital IDs I'm saying
those things are also about ultimately harnessing the population of the earth as as experiments
so that we can bridge this gap between where we are now and a trans human future. Ladies and
gentlemen please follow Housatonic Live Mark Kulacz and please follow Jessica Hockett on twitter and
other than that right now I'm just going to be very conservative and say that's enough reading
for now Mark's website start with the early covid survivors link and after that I suggest
that you just explore from A to Z and find out where it leads you ladies and gentlemen this has
been gigaohm biological a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you a biobiologist
my name is Jonathan Cooley and I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh in the back of my garage and
I will probably see you tomorrow although I do have a basketball game in the morning we are fine
in the afternoon and then Sunday I've got a morning game so I can probably do afternoon or
evening on Saturday and Sunday and that's the plan right now thanks very much for joining me
please keep sharing my work please keep stopping all transfections and humans and don't let them
eliminate the control group um intramuscular injection of any combination of substances
with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb. Transfection and help the humans is
criminally negligent and viruses are not patterned integrity. Thank you very much I recorded a
doctor's and scientist interview about the book today and I think I really took a
tool about the clones and about how reality is that they probably didn't need to do what they
said happened so hopefully it'll it'll bring some some extra fire to the to the debate about the
book even though it's not selling very well that's fine um it's still uh it's still uh it's still out
there and um we got a lot of time yet so thank you very much for joining me and uh see you again
bye